[stomping]
[intro song plays]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
KINPIKA'S TROUBLES
-[Mr. R3] Erika Sakurazawa.
-[Erika] Here!
-[Mr. R3] Kana Umeno.
-[Kana] Here!
KinPika.
[Mr. R3] Is KinPika absent?
Babu Lisa.
[Babu Lisa] Babu.
Babu Lisa, you're late.
Babu?
Hey, Boss!
[stomping]
What's going on here?
Boss, Teach here says we're late.
Huh?
Yo Teach, we got a problem here?
[shouts]
What are you doing?
If you continue misbehaving,
I will shock you with a million volts.
[shouts in fear]
Ugh, this is totally lame.
I can't stand this school!
I'm outta here!
Hey, Boss!
[school bell rings]
Yay, it's finally lunchtime.
-What are you having?
-A chicken-and-egg rice bowl.
How about you, Naoko?
-[Erika] What's wrong, Naoko?
-Huh?
Oh, you guys go ahead.
What are you doing?
N-Nothing.
What's with the sudden attitude?
It's none of your business.
But you're acting really weird.
-Enough already! Leave me alone!
-[Babu Lisa] Hey, Boss!
Here, I got your yakisoba
fried-noodle bun.
Oh, thanks.
-Here.
-[Babu Lisa] That's it?
These yakisoba buns are 100 yen each.
And my fee for playing your minion?
I'll pay you later.
It's not worth being your minion
unless I get paid!
That's all I have right now.
What's wrong, KinPika?
-Is something bothering you?
-[gasps]
H-How could you tell?
[Naoko] Because you're rebelling
in a very obvious manner.
Really?
[KinPika scoffs]
You got me.
Grown-ups don't understand a thing.
I'm going to openly defy the social norms.
The whole Earth could blow up
for all I care!
[Bibilian chuckles]
[Bibilian] That's right!
But enough about that.
Hey, Naoko.
I have a present for you.
Yakisoba noodle buns!
[gasps in surprise]
[roars]
I've had enough of your crazy antics!
[roaring]
[Bibilian screams]
Gone with the wind...
[bangs]
[roars]
Um, what about my problems?
[laughs nervously] Sorry about that.
So, what's bothering you?
Okay, I'll tell you
if you really must know.
Well, I don't want to know that bad.
What?
Don't bother with him.
[cries]
No, wait! I need someone to talk to!
[regal music plays]
[Naoko]
Wow, Kinpika! Your house is amazing!
This is your room?
It's bigger than my whole house!
It's like a video arcade!
[Babu Lisa] You've been spoiled rotten.
Papa always used to play with me,
but recently,
he hasn't played with me at all.
-Wow, cool!
-Awesome!
Listen when others are talking!
-Oh, sorry.
-What's up?
Papa didn't leave his room last Sunday.
He didn't take me anywhere.
-Go, go!
-Whee!
You're not listening!
Oh, sorry.
What were you saying?
-[Mom] PikaHiko, dear?
-Huh?
Have you seen my new handbag?
No.
Oh...
PikaHiko, dear,
why are you dressed like that?
Oh, we were rehearsing a play
for the school festival.
-Thanks for letting us rehearse here.
-What she said.
Oh, you're PikaHiko's classmates?
Please make yourselves at home.
Your mom is so pretty.
Mama's been an A-list actress
since I was a little kid,
so she was hardly ever home.
That's why your dad
always played with you?
But lately, he won't spend
any time with me.
[Naoko] One, two, three, four.
[video game bleeping]
Naoko, please talk to my papa for me!
-About what?
-Tell him to play with me more.
Tell him yourself.
But I'm too embarrassed to say that...
This is Papa's room.
[door creaks open]
-Papa!
-What is it, PikaHiko?
[panting]
Um...
And they are?
Naoko Watanabe. I'm in PikaHiko's class.
Same here. Babu Lisa.
Wassup!
By the way, PikaHiko.
Y-Yes?
You are going to have
a little brother or sister.
-Huh?
-See?
[gasps]
-[Naoko] An egg?
-[Babu Lisa] Seriously?
PikaHiko, I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
It's awkward to talk about,
so I didn't know what to say.
I see...
[laughs happily] Hooray, hooray!
Wait a sec. What's going on?
My baby brother or sister
is going to hatch from this egg.
Your dad laid the egg?
Of course not.
[chuckles]
Emperor penguin mothers lay the eggs
and the fathers incubate them.
Oh, I see, wow!
I'm egg-shell shocked!
You mean "culture shock."
Good timing, PikaHiko.
I have to go to the bathroom.
Keep the egg warm for me.
What, me?
I've been incubating it so long, I haven't
gone to the bathroom in ten days!
[Naoko]
Wow, there's a little life in there.
Let me hold it.
[rattles]
Something's rattling in there.
Hey, stop! [gasps]
[shouts]
[KinPika shouting]
[screaming continues]
[thudding]
Hm?
Oh, what's this doing here?
-[shouts]
-[thuds]
-[groans]
-PikaHiko?
Mama, is it okay?
Are you okay?
[toilet flushing]
Oh, hi, sweetheart.
[shouts]
The egg!
Is the egg all right?
The egg?
The precious egg you laid.
I've been keeping it warm all this time.
What?
-What I'm saying is--
-Here, take a closer look.
-[whirrs]
-[Dad gasps]
This is an egg-shaped handbag,
the latest design from Hermos.
[both gasp in shock]
I was wondering where it was.
You've been sitting on it?
I-It's a handbag?
When I saw it on the bed,
I just assumed it was an egg.
Penguin families are weird.
But a dad incubating an egg?
That's adorable.
[giggles]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪